[azeventhubs] readme and more tests (#18849)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/messaging/azeventhubs/README.md

# Azure Event Hubs Client Module for Go

[Azure Event Hubs](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/event-hubs/) is a big data streaming platform and event ingestion service from Microsoft. For more information about Event Hubs see this link: [link](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-about).

Use the client library `github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/messaging/azeventhubs` in your application to:

- Send messages to an event hub.
- Consume messages from an event hub.

> **NOTE**: This library is currently a beta. There may be breaking interface changes until it reaches semantic version `v1.0.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: This library is currently a beta. There may be breaking changes until it reaches semantic version `v1.0.0`.
```

Key links:
- [Source code][source]
- [API Reference Documentation][godoc]
- [Product documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/event-hubs/)
- [Samples][godoc_examples]

## Getting started

### Install the package

Install the Azure Event Hubs client module for Go with `go get`:

```bash
go get github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/messaging/azeventhubs
```

### Prerequisites

- Go, version 1.18 or higher
- An [Azure subscription](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/)

> - A [Event Hub namespace](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-hubs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An [Event Hub namespace](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-hubs/).
```

- An Event Hub. You can create an event hub in your Event Hubs Namespace using the [Azure Portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-create), or the [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-quickstart-cli).

### Authenticate the client

> The Event Hubs clients can be created using an Event Hubs connection string or a credential from the [Azure Identity package][azure_identity_pkg], like [DefaultAzureCredential][default_azure_credential].

Reviewer: We want them using a credential to connect over using connection strings.  I'd move the credential to be first and move connection strings to be second in the list or perhaps as an alternative note.

```suggestion
Event Hub clients are created using an Event Hub connection string or a credential from the [Azure Identity package][azure_identity_pkg], like [DefaultAzureCredential][default_azure_credential].
```

Author: Done. I basically just added the connection string on as a second sentence.

### License

Azure SDK for Go is licensed under the [MIT](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/blob/main/sdk/messaging/azeventhubs/LICENSE.txt) license.

<!-- LINKS -->
[azure_sdk_for_go_contributing]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
[azure_sdk_for_go_contributing_developer_guide]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#developer-guide
[azure_sdk_for_go_contributing_pull_requests]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests

[azure_identity_pkg]: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/azidentity
[default_azure_credential]: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/azidentity#NewDefaultAzureCredential
[source]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/tree/main/sdk/messaging/azeventhubs
[godoc]: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/messaging/azeventhubs

> [godoc_examples]: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/messaging/azeventhubs#pkg-examples

Reviewer 2: Are we still tracking impressions?
```suggestion
[godoc_examples]: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/messaging/azeventhubs#pkg-examples

![Impressions](https://azure-sdk-impressions.azurewebsites.net/api/impressions/azure-sdk-for-go%2Fsdk%2Fmessaging%2Fazeventhubs%2FREADME.png)
```

Author: I think we are, good catch.
